Initial runthrough for clarity (#109)
nfidd/nfidd: sessions/using-delay-distributions-to-model-the-data-generating-process-of-an-epidemic.qmd

```{r aggregate, file = here::here("snippets", "load-ts.r")}
```

::: callout-note
The second part of the code snippet above is used to add days without infections with a zero count.
This will make our calculations easier later (as otherwise we would have to try and detect these in any models that used this data which could be complicated).
:::

Now we can convolve the time series with a delay distribution to get a time series of outcomes as suggested above.

#### Discretising a delay distribution

In our first session, we decided to assume the delay from infection to symptom onset had a gamma distribution.
However, if we want to use the gamma distribution with shape 5 and rate 1 as before, we face a familiar issue.
The gamma distribution is a *continuous* distribution, but now our delay data are in days which are *discrete* entities.
Before we can simulate a time series of symptom onsets, we will first need to generate a discrete probability mass function of the incubation period (in days).

We do so by generating many replicates of the corresponding random delay, taking into account that we have already rounded down our infection times to infection days.

> In the absence of any other information or model, we assume for our simulation that infection occurred at some random time during the day, with each day equally likely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the absence of any other information or model, we assume for our simulation that infection occurred at some random time during the day, with each time equally likely.
```

## Observation uncertainty

Usually not all data are perfectly observed.
Also, the convolution we applied is a *deterministic* operation that brushes over the fact that individual delays are random.

> We should also model the variation these processes introduce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We should therefore find another way to model the variation these processes introduce.
```
